KM review (part 2) -- Editorial pass on Section 4.3 (#117)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

## Layered Attestation Environments {#layered-attestation}

> By definition, the Attester role creates Evidence.  An Attester may be one or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By definition, the Attester role creates Evidence.  An Attester may consist of one or
```

more nested or staged environments, adding complexity to the architectural
structure.  The unifying component is the Root of Trust and the nested, staged,
or chained attestation Evidence produced.  The nested or chained structure

> should include Claims, collected by the Attester to aid in the assurance or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
includes Claims, collected by the Attester to aid in the assurance or
```

> By definition, the Attester role creates Evidence.  An Attester may consist of one or
> more nested or staged environments, adding complexity to the architectural
> structure.  The unifying component is the Root of Trust and the nested, staged,
> or chained attestation Evidence produced.  The nested or chained structure
> includes Claims, collected by the Attester to aid in the assurance or
> believability of the attestation Evidence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By definition, the Attester role creates Evidence.  An Attester may consist of one or
more nested or staged environments, adding complexity to the architectural
structure.  
The unifying component is the Root of Trust and the nested, staged,
or chained attestation Evidence produced.  
The nested or chained structure
includes Claims, collected by the Attester to aid in the assurance or
believability of the attestation Evidence.
```

Claims: one set about the bootloader as measured and signed by the BIOS,
plus a set of Claims about the kernel as measured and signed by the bootloader.

This example could be extended further by making the kernel become another
Attesting Environment for an application as another Target Environment. This

> results in a third set of Claims in the Evidence pertaining to that application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
would result in a third set of Claims in the Evidence pertaining to that application.
```

> This example could be extended further by making the kernel become another
> Attesting Environment for an application as another Target Environment. This
> would result in a third set of Claims in the Evidence pertaining to that application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example could be extended further by making the kernel become another
Attesting Environment for an application as another Target Environment. 
This would result in a third set of Claims in the Evidence pertaining to that application.
```
